Mark outlook as broken (#314)
deltachat/provider-db: _providers/outlook.com.md

---
name: Outlook.com

> status: BROKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status: BROKEN
before_login_hint: |
    Unfortunately, Outlook does not allow using passwords anymore,
    per-app-passwords are currently not working.
```

    socket: STARTTLS
    hostname: smtp.office365.com
    port: 587
last_checked: 2024-11
website: https://outlook.live.com/mail
---

> Unfortunately, Outlook does not allow using passwords anymore,
> per-app-passwords are currently not working.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, Outlook does not allow using passwords anymore,
per-app-passwords are reported to not being working in November 2024.
Please let us know if you succeed using Outlook, so we can adapt these hints.
```
